anymore I absolutely hate my job
write it up guys
[Applause]
these motorized sleds actually give you
an idea what it's like to be adult and
help us keep up with these beautiful
streamlined animals it's really
frustrating because we can't hold our
breath anywhere near as long as a
dolphin we need to keep coming up for
air they also seem to be having as much
fun as we are and this is even more
special because these are really wild
dolphins and they're choosing them to
play with us
[Music]
oh that was out of this world and that's
why dumplings are pretty much everyone's
favorite animal food but they're also
fearsome hunters and that's why they're
going on my deadly 60